docs: add section to execute user-flow with ufPath (#150)
push-based/user-flow: packages/cli/README.md

# What is it?

A CLI tool to measure performance continuously and also integrate it into your CI.

> It's provides lots of DX features, nice commands with rich arguments and integration with the latest dev tooling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides lot's of DX features, nice commands with rich arguments and integration with the latest dev tooling. 
```

The CLI supports the official [user-flow/lighthouse configuration](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/master/docs/configuration.md). 

> # Executing user-flows `ufPath`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Executing user-flows (`ufPath`)
```
